{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Chris Miller}
{\*\company FSDEV}
{\*\copyright 2009}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Define a class Controller with four virtual functions on(), off(), set_level(int), and show().  Derive at least two classes from Controller.  One should be a simple test class where show() prints out whether the class is set to on or off and what the current level is.  The second derived class should somehow control the line color of a Shape; the exact meaning of "level" is up to you.  Try to find a third "thing" to control with such a Controller class.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 As I mentioned, we will begin this assignment all together as an in-class exercise, then you can finish it up for the creative part. It isn't clear what he means by "color level". I like the idea of using that for intensity of color, but don't see how to do that (yet) using the graph library (or FLTK). Maybe the level could be used to set the color itself (as the colors are laid out in the spectrum?). We may need some additional functions besides the 4 he specifies.\
The part I want you to put the most effort into is the 3rd part where he asked you to control some other thing. I suggest starting with your Smiley faces lab and using level to control some aspect such as "mood" (amount of smile) of the face, or "sleepiness" (openness of eyes) or whatever strikes your fancy! But the controller class has to control it. This gives us practice and better understanding of how classes work together. e.g. Is the face object copied in to the controller? Or does controller only have a reference to it? Can controller control more than one object? Of different types? What happens when Controller is "off"? }